# Faucet

Link Faucet testnet (vui lòng báo link hỏng ở Telegram hoặc Discord)

➡️Link Faucet $ETH 

- HOLESKY

- SEPOLIA

https://www.infura.io/faucet/sepolia

https://sepoliafaucet.com/

https://sepolia-faucet.pk910.de/

https://fauceth.komputing.org/

https://sepoliafaucet.net/

https://sepolia-faucet.pk910.de/

https://www.infura.io/faucet


Polygon mainnet faucet
https://www.gimlu.com/faucet

Polygon mumbai testnet faucet
https://mumbaifaucet.com/

https://testmatic.vercel.app/

https://faucet.polygon.technology/

https://faucet.dsolutions.mn/

https://t.me/bitsznbot

Binance smart chain testnet faucet

https://testnet.binance.org/faucet-smart

Avalanche fuji testnet faucet

https://faucet.avax-test.network/

Solana Devnet and testnet faucet

https://solfaucet.com/

Aurora testnet faucet

https://aurora.dev/faucet

Bitcoin testnet faucet

https://tbtc.bitaps.com/

https://testnet-faucet.mempool.co/

https://bitcoinfaucet.uo1.net/

https://kuttler.eu/en/bitcoin/btc/faucet/

https://coinfaucet.eu/en/btc-testnet/

Bitcoin cash testnet faucet
https://tbch.googol.cash/

Litecoin testnet faucet
https://testnet-faucet.com/ltc-testnet/

Dogecoin testnet faucet
https://testnet-faucet.com/doge-testnet/

Tron testnet faucet
https://nileex.io/join/getJoinPage

Ripple testnet and devnet faucet
https://xrpl.org/xrp-testnet-faucet.html

Near testnet faucet
https://wallet.testnet.near.org/

Starknet testnet faucet
https://www.starkswap.co/app/faucet

Starknet goerli testnet faucet
https://faucet.goerli.starknet.io/

Cardano devnet and testnet faucet
https://testnets.cardano.org/en/testnets/cardano/tools/faucet/

Fantom opera testnet faucet
https://faucet.fantom.network/

Algorand testnet faucet
https://bank.testnet.algorand.network/

https://dispenser.testnet.aws.algodev.network/

https://testnet.algoexplorer.io/dispenser

Harmony one testnet faucet
https://faucet.pops.one/

Moonbeam testnet faucet
https://rpc.testnet.moonbeam.network/

Cronos testnet faucet
https://cronos.org/faucet

Celo alfajores testnet faucet
https://celo.org/developers/faucet

Shiden community faucet
https://www.as-faucet.xyz/shiden#

Erlond devnet and testnet faucet
https://r3d4.fr/faucet

Kyve testnet faucet
https://app.kyve.network/#/faucet

ETH 2.0 kiln testnet-beta faucet
https://kilnfaucet.com/

Evmos testnet faucet
https://faucet.evmos.dev/

Comdex devnet and testnet faucet
https://faucet.comdex.one/

Multiple chain faucet from paradigm
https://faucet.paradigm.xyz/

Faucet tBNB testnet

https://testnet.bnbchain.org/faucet-smart

https://labs.zetachain.com/swap

https://testnet.cashmere.exchange/swap


MORE:

https://github.com/arddluma/awesome-list-testnet-faucets